WebSocket Timeout Section (#1037)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/devguide/Connector/ConnectionsWebSocketsImplementation.md

## Timeout

When the WebSocket connection is terminated, the element will enter into timeout according to the timeout time configured in the element editor.

These are possible reasons why the connection might be terminated:

- Normal closure: The WebSocket connection is closed gracefully and as expected by both the client and server.

- Abnormal closure: The WebSocket connection is closed unexpectedly, because of an error or exception. This can be caused by issues such as network connectivity problems, server crashes, or protocol violations.

- Endpoint shutdown: The endpoint (client or server) that initiated the WebSocket connection has shut down, which may be due to a process termination or system reboot.

- Ping timeout: The WebSocket connection has timed out because of a lack of activity. This can occur if the client or server does not receive a ping or pong message within a specified time frame.

- Policy violation: The WebSocket connection is closed by the server because of a violation of security policies, such as a cross-site scripting attack or unauthorized access attempt.

> - Network error: The WebSocket connection is closed because of a network error, such as a dropped packet or a network partition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Network error: The WebSocket connection is closed because of a network error, e.g. a network partition or a final dropped packet after retransmission.
```

> > [!NOTE]
> >
> > - This behavior may vary depending on the other connections of the protocol.
> > - The timeout behavior of the element may vary depending on other connections configured on protocol level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The timeout behavior of the element may vary depending on other connections configured on protocol level.
```

## Timeout

When the WebSocket connection is terminated, the element will enter into timeout according to the timeout time configured in the element editor.

These are possible reasons why the connection might be terminated:

- Normal closure: The WebSocket connection is closed gracefully and as expected by both the client and server.

- Abnormal closure: The WebSocket connection is closed unexpectedly, because of an error or exception. This can be caused by issues such as network connectivity problems, server crashes, or protocol violations.

- Endpoint shutdown: The endpoint (client or server) that initiated the WebSocket connection has shut down, which may be due to a process termination or system reboot.

- Ping timeout: The WebSocket connection has timed out because of a lack of activity. This can occur if the client or server does not receive a ping or pong message within a specified time frame.

- Policy violation: The WebSocket connection is closed by the server because of a violation of security policies, such as a cross-site scripting attack or unauthorized access attempt.

> - Network error: The WebSocket connection is closed because of a network error, such as a dropped packet or a network partition.

Reviewer: A dropped packet will typically be retransmitted and not cause the closure of a connection.

Author: Indeed, however the idea here was to indicate that in case of a packet drop, if the TCP retransmission of the packet exceeds the maximum timeout period specified by the WebSocket implementation, the connection may be closed by the server or client. I believe that this can be included as additional info.

> [!NOTE]
>
> - This behavior may vary depending on the other connections of the protocol.

> > - The timeout behavior of the element may vary depending on other connections configured on protocol level.

Reviewer: What is **This behavior** referring to in the first paragraph? I thought it was the timeout behavior, but is is then repeated in the second paragraph.

Author: Indeed, that's duplicated info, meaning that only the second paragraph should be maintained.
